Not that I can't be professional and work with people who use AI, but I am personally against AI for these following reasons:

1. AI is theft:
The AI models (especially the "art" ones) are trained on artwork and other data they don't have any rights to. 
The resulting models are able to reproduce worse versions of the original art they've stolen, without providing any reference or credit back to the original artist.
Some companies sell data for AI models to use, it is only reasonable that everyone should have that same right to either sell or deny their art for use in AI models.

2. AI is bad for the environment:
Training AI models on the vast amounts of data it requires to get good results is terrible for the environment. 
Usually, using AI means sending a prompt to a very powerful computer somewhere that then uses a lot of power to compute a fast result, which is also terrible for the environment.

3. AI is being used poorly:
The general AI algorithms have some good uses, such as in medicine, but the current way it is being marketed and used by the general public, is as if it is a replacement for craftsmanship.
AI could potentially be a good tool, given the first 2 points about the ethics of AI are fixed first. 
It can let people not trained in art or other fields quickly develop concepts and prototypes to better test and share their ideas. 
Although, making a mood board from just a regular search through pinterest and some basic text or sketches can get the point across just fine in my opinion.
The real detriment is when we stop hiring juniors, because we still need seniors to fix what AI makes, and where do we get those seniors from. AI is a selfish short-term solution.

4. AI is not actually profitable:
Some people believe that AI is only getting better and you have to get on the train now or risk losing out. The insane hype and momentum around AI must be because of how good it is, right?
Sure, AI is slowly getting better by ironing out some of its flaws and using even bigger data sets, but the basic algorithm is not evolving and we can't get much more out of it than we already are.
Furthermore, most of the money in AI comes from investors that believe that if they can get people dependent on AI, then they can later make it expensive and become insanely rich and powerful.
If AI stopped receiving investments, it would be so expensive to use that no one would want to use it anymore, unless we become so dependent that we can't go without it.
So no, I don't believe AI is the future, I believe it is a bubble that will eventually burst. I only hope it bursts sooner rather than later.